and welcome back to a fresh episode of
the business growth show i'm your host
sam dunning co-owner over at
webchoiceuk.com
and if you haven't yet be sure to
subscribe to our weekly email where we
share actual marketing tips useful
podcasts free resources guides bonuses
and every more even more every monday to
start your week off with a bang head
over to businessgrowth.email
and with that today's guest is adam
holmgren adam is the head of demand
generation over at get accept he's also
host of the podcast the man generation
movement
adam ready welcome to the show how you
doing
yeah great to be here sam fun to be here
cool man looking forward to this because
we're gonna be all chatting all things
why companies should care
about demand generation this is a hot
topic when it comes to linkedin when it
comes to sas companies um there's a lot
of ways we could take this so um
let's let's throw you straight in at the
deep end adam as we often do
to you
what does demand generation really mean
yep um i i think the man generation
you get
if you talk to 10 marketers you get 10
completely different responses and so i
think it's important to kind of get your
own definition but but for me it's more
it's a full funnel approach really to
marketing so i think we have even though
we maybe haven't called it demand
generation for
you know a decade we have still been
doing it for a decade so it's more we
look a full funnel approach we look at
customer journeys we look to provide
value to our audience first
and then obviously we have the end goal
of creating revenue and i think that is
important to emphasize that
you know revenue should always come
first um
that is really the key definition in
in my mind and if we compare that to
maybe
the more traditional lead generation
that i think many people in europe still
still are doing or at least most of it
that is that is more
related to bringing leads in and not
caring as much about the qualitative
aspects um
and how many of them actually turn into
revenue so i think that's the important
distinction here
yeah yeah yeah and we'll get stuck into
the nuts and bolts when it comes to
demand gen versus lead gen shortly which
is which is going to be good fun now
when it comes to demand generation i
know um but i've spoke to people before
some people talk about kind of creating
educational helpful content
for perhaps prospects potential
customers that haven't yet heard of your
company of your brand what you do and
helping them with that way um is that
what you'd say is adam or is there a
heck a lot more to to demand jen than
just kind of creating videos or creating
podcasts like we are now and kind of
sharing information around your sector
no i think that's that's one way for
sure um and i think that's that's
the way where companies usually start
you know they start creating a lot of
these top funnel content so it can be
podcasted it can be um
it can be anything really uh events
webinars um
but i think the important thing
with demand generation is to not stop
there to also make sure that
that there is a next step for our
audience and for our customer journey so
that we continue to create valuable
middle of the funnel content we continue
to create valuable bottom of the funnel
content because i think if we would
if we would research
10 different sas companies
in say europe or the us for that matter
i would guess that 75
or so of their content are top funnel
content um which is obviously great to
bring people in but if you don't have a
you know a next step or something
more valuable that the
audience can go to and they are quite
lost and i think that's important in
this full funnel approach to have that
to not only focus on top funnel content
but also more valuable pieces
when they know about you and your brand
yeah
yeah yeah which brings us on to a couple
things that are always tricky when it
comes to demand gen
content creation attribution and all
that good stuff
from your experience how how have you
found
ways to create whether it is content or
demand gen pieces media et cetera that's
that's valuable
to your target audience the people that
you actually want to attract are there
other ways you found have worked well
yeah i think the the most basic answer
to that is really getting to know
the customers a bit better and a good
start for for me when i've entered get
accept as an example um
was yes we have these amazing tools now
chorus gong it's so easy to listen in
the sales calls and listen into
dialogues where we win and where we lose
and that has been a great start like
just focus down on getting to know your
customers yes of course we should also
conduct like interviews but i think
that's that's an easy start to get to
know what kind of solutions and problems
we are
you know solving and yeah and then we
can kind of go from there um i think
that's a
so
if if it's a company here that don't
have a solution like course or gong i
think that's a definite
must-have in today's environment
especially for marketers i would say
yeah yeah it makes sense so listening to
those sales conversations what's
actually going on with your customers
your sales teams what they're discussing
what some of their queries some of their
problems
and and how they're overcoming them and
then are you leveraging that to your
advantage
yeah exactly and i think you you're
often like
getting stuck on the same issue in many
of these sales calls they have similar
problems and one of the easiest ways i
feel like creating content is to make
sure that you have pieces of content
that answer these
kind of problems and pain points that
are very clear with how you solve them
and
ideally this this is something that
you know the buyer should consume before
uh having a sales demo of course um but
i think if they are not i think those
are kind of a great great way to
identify them
yeah
yeah that makes sense um does the man
jen always have to be content driven
um i think content is always the start
um
for sure i think it all starts with the
messaging and the story we are trying to
get out there then it's just a matter of
how we want to distribute it that can be
very different
based on companies you know we are
present in so many channels but that
will of course vary a lot depending on
your audience um
and depending on kind of the
the spend you are willing to put out
there
let's take linkedin as a channel for
example superb for targeting uh also
superb for uh wasting money um if you're
not careful
um
as with many channels yeah for sure yeah
so i think that's that's really i think
it all starts with with content creation
and being creative usually when i look
for demand generation marketers i think
creativity is the
number one
personal trait that i'm looking for for
a good
demanding marketer you need to be able
to create
extraordinary
extraordinary stuff um
that's not really out there
as of now i think yeah
so
let's let's get into revenue how how can
you ensure
that a demand gen campaign actually ties
to revenue because i'm sure a lot of
people are listening and thinking
sam adam it's all good we can spend
thousands of dollars euros whatever on
creating this
content that's going to be top of the
funnel and it's going to answer some of
our prospects juiciest problems concerns
queries that might be through podcasts
through videos maybe through articles
whatever whatever the medium um
that's all well and good but how can we
actually tie this to revenue how do we
know it's gonna ultimately get these
demo requests or get these consultation
calls flowing and then put some cash in
our businesses bank
no i think that's hard and attribution
is always an interesting topic um we can
always you know optimize our attribution
as much as possible and maybe we can
identify say you know 30
to 40 percent of
what's coming in and kind of attribute
it correctly um
and that is of course something we do um
at get accept as an example we use
hubspot to use their attribution it
works fine it but it has its limitations
of course
um one example is
often at a company a lot of your
you know
customers will end up being attributed
to direct traffic
which is always a tricky one right
because it's impossible to say what
they've done before or after that um but
for me
what we have seen or what i have seen at
many companies is that we
it's a great correlation between looking
at brand awareness related metrics and
the the growth of revenue so
we have we have done tests where we have
kind of when i talk about brand
awareness i'm i'm talking more about how
we are not pushing our product but more
pushing our story pushing our brand it
can be to through anything any channel
really linkedin facebook it can be
display uh
whatever but we can see that when we
when we lower you know our visibility in
terms of awareness when we lower that
spend that's also over time when our
revenue kind of decreases so i think you
have to look at it more of a high level
than um than narrowed
monthly
if your revenue are kind of increasing
um
you know
quarter by quarter then you are on the
right track i think um and i think
that's that's an important thing here
you really need to have that
um get that confidence from your
management team
i guess that's that's key right um
sometimes you will go only based by your
gut feeling and not always based on a
data-driven decision um sometimes it
will work and sometimes it will not
yeah but for me it's very important that
a company to not dwell too much on the
attribution
more focused on okay this is this is
what we believe will give us the results
long term
can we then see that the revenue is
developing in that that way um
yep so it's not really a short-term
thing where you can just put out say a
few pieces of different media different
content no
and attribute a few days later we
talking typically from your experience
we're talking kind of several months or
even a year for it to to build up the
brand authority the reputation with our
prospects and then yeah i would say for
sure i would say one of our like
one strong brand awareness channel that
we usually don't talk about is to be
honest is outbound sales right it's a
great way
for companies to get to know us and
it can be
one of our sdrs or sales reps can call a
company today and then they might end up
attributed as an inbound in a year's
time and then then obviously the
attribution maybe shouldn't be
being right but but still there are so
many touch points and so many
opportunities for us to to increase
brand awareness not only for marketing i
think that's important also
yeah i suppose it's it's almost one of
those chicken and egg things because the
thing with demand jen is you can
just like i do on linkedin all the time
and you do adam and lots of lots of
people do put out a bunch of content on
linkedin whether that could be video
content text posts all this good stuff
maybe i'll put stuff on youtube on the
podcast on various other channels which
are
geared towards let's say educating
people ultimately a web choice you want
to share expertise around websites seo
and all that good stuff and then
eventually
someone might not come to me direct on
linkedin but they might inquire through
our website or they might search on
google and they might click an organic
listing or they might click a paid ad
and it's not necessarily when they fill
out our inquiry form they might not say
look i've seen some of sam's content or
i've seen some of the team's content
here they might say
i just clicked a paid ad so that's
that's where it gets where it gets
tricky isn't it and you can't
necessarily know what the
i guess without talking to the customer
on a sales conversation unless you have
a free text field for how did you find
us or hear about us you're never really
going to know what the full buyer
journey was and the exact impact that
top of funnel demand gen work
no exactly then we have a few channels
of course that are more our intent
channels where we actually try to
capture you know
existing demand the people that actually
are in the market to buy and that is of
course like paid search organic search
and their
their attribution is more clear they
will probably get attributed to paid
search but probably they found us
somewhere else a year ago still um and
then our more paid social channels are
more awareness based so there when we're
trying to educate the market and then
eventually kind of convert them
through our intent channels like paid
search and organic search
here's a tough one
if you're a startup
what would you
be more inclined to do would you be more
inclined to look at the bottom of the
funnel the bottom of the sales funnel so
people that are ready to buy that
probably have never heard of your
company that have got high intent and
look at those channels to capture demand
ie
google paid search
google organic search or would you
rather play the longer game
maybe save cash i don't know it depends
on what you resource into it and maybe
look at more demand gen
um as a longer term play
i i guess as you said it depends on how
much cash you have in the bank if you
are like a vc-backed company and brought
in a lot of money i would probably go
more for the long-term play
and start with you know building up the
organic engine start with building up
but that is more of a long term play if
i were going more
at a bootstrap company where we actually
need to
survive on our money um i would probably
start with the capturing part um for
sure but i think that's an important
distinction because if you start with
the capturing part that will probably
hurt you
um
when you get further down the road so
it's uh
again a shaking than the eggy question
if you like um
but uh yeah it's an interesting one for
sure
oh yeah yeah yeah i think i think i'd
probably be the same ultimately if i
started a brand new business now i'd
want to get
qualified sales leads in as soon as
possible so i'm going to do some page
search
um and like you say demand gen as and
when you've got the resources to do it
you'll start ramping up building up so
you can build up some longer term
awareness and people at the top of
funnel so yeah you're considering all
angles of the marketing cycle i guess
usually i think paid search is a channel
that get gets a lot of bash but i for me
at least it's still a channel that is
very much working um
you know people it's highly competitive
of course so that is well i guess the
problem compared to five ten years ago
but it's still probably one of the best
ways to
um
to capture that that intent
yeah
exactly i think one
thing that annoys me is when
i don't know if you see this as well a
lot of people on different channels
whether that's linkedin podcast etc
they're going all in demand gen so
they're saying look you need to create
this content at the top of the sales
funnel that's going to educate your
potential buyers
fill them in on your sector so you
become the trusted brand because you're
giving free tips advice you're helping
them really understand how they can get
the job done and then when they need it
they'll come to you that's not always
the case they might be selecting several
vendors so if you're just doing demand
gen and then you're not
present in google search whether it's
organic paid whatever channels they go
to then you're not necessarily going to
win their business because they might
not even find you on search so you can't
just go all in demand jen in my opinion
you need to actually consider when
people are going to google or the other
channels that they go to then search for
it yes some people might have enough
trust and go direct to your website and
just type that in or message you on
linkedin whatever but some are actually
still going to compare you to one or two
vendors and if you're not showing up on
google with ads or organic then you've
screwed yourself over because you've
lost the business
yeah exactly and it also depends a lot
right on on what kind of business you
have if you're in a very new category
that's like
where it doesn't really exist any an
existing demand yet then of course you
might go full on demand
demand and creating content about it but
if it's
usually you have a category where you
can at least identify with something um
i think it would be almost stupid not to
try to capture it
yeah it feels like
left out cash to be honest
yeah i just wanted to get that point
across because it frustrates me when um
yeah people talk about demand gen but
they don't actually talk about capturing
that demand um yeah it's just a waste of
your time and effort
so
how does demand gen stack up against
traditional lead gen because i'm sure a
lot of people tuning in and thinking
guys this is quite wishy washy you
haven't really told me what i can get
out of this i know that i can run a
traditional legion campaign i can get
hundreds of leads yes myself you might
have to sift through them for ages and
some of them might be total junk
but how does how does it stack up with
traditional legion campaigns
yeah i think the entire point of making
uh calling it the demandian campaign
compared to a legion campaign
is that
the volume of leads coming in from such
a campaign would obviously be less
but the quality should be higher so we
should have a higher percentage of
of people going into deals going into
customers and so on and
also a way to not
have our sales reps spend time on things
that are not relevant i think that's
like
one of the key things here and then to
achieve that that is that is of course
hard and
i think one of the the usual things when
you talk about the lydian campaign is
you have some sort of gated information
and then you you capture a lot of
contact information
based on that
and then the differences in demandian is
more
you're probably trying to educate the
market in some way but not necessarily
trying to convert them right away
but eventually
your whole theory here is that they will
convert on their own um i think lydian
is a much more measurable tactic you can
see the lead obviously coming in almost
straight away
and the mandiant is more of a
usually at least more of a long-term
play um
where you might not be able to attribute
a single campaign to
an mql that came in today more or less
um so i think that's the important
distinction and then we can of course
talk about how to go from lydian to
demand because that is an even more
interesting topic i feel like and
probably the hardest thing to do at a
company these days i feel at least it
has been for me
yeah yeah yeah let's talk about in a sec
bush before um so many many companies
still
spend big money on webinars
gated content like ebooks
videos where you've gotta give your name
and email perhaps more company details
in return for some kind of
content that will hopefully help you um
but in return you're gonna be marketed
to perhaps called by a sales rep or
perhaps put into an email nurture
campaign
with the rise of demand jen over the
last couple years and
what we're talking about is is that now
a waste of time and money
i'm not necessarily against gated
content per se i'm more against
bad gated content i feel like um i feel
like when when you you know gating have
uh
a point for example for a webinar you
are taking in their information
to be able to maybe book the webinar in
their calendars then i really see a
point of doing it same with a free trial
you need their information to set up an
account
fine and probably you will also start
marketing to them in some way um i think
what we're trying to move away from are
these more
um
yeah take this blog post make it into an
ebook and
get it um
because that yeah we want i think that
is more hurting like we want a lot of
people to see our content um and i think
if we get something we will get less
people that see it we will get a lot of
buyers into our journey that are not
real buyers uh and yeah so i think by
ungaping these
more simple stuff is helping us spread
the word about the brand and products
for sure
yeah what what do you think determines a
gateworthy piece of
content i think that that there is uh
a practicality in it to be honest that
you we need your information to do
something
for you uh
say a webinar we we need to we want to
book it in your calendar we
we want to remind you a day before the
webinar those are more
you could get value from us doing that
um
i think that is at least at least for me
that is something then i would feel fine
about getting something
yeah
yeah yeah i quite like that um
i think we have a reasonably similar
mindset like i've only ever gated one or
two pieces of the content i've put out
and i think that was i made a website
lead gen guide a while back and i made a
linkedin lead gen
guide while while back but both of those
i sold first
and then after about eight months or so
i thought i'd just make them free in
return for an email so i can start
sending people a weekly email but
yeah apart from that unless
i'm of a similar mindset unless i've got
feedback from actual potential clients
saying this is actually good stuff and
i've really enjoyed it and it's helped
me and i've learned xyz then
i kind of feel
feel on the same boat um and i think a
problem i've had in the past with with
getting content is
um we have gated say
um
a certain ebook
and then we get a really large customer
getting attributed to that ebook because
eventually they downloaded that but
probably they have heard about us a lot
before so then we have a three hundred
thousand thousand euro customer
attributed to a gated piece of content
then it will be impossible to argue
to remove it right um
since maybe most of the upper management
will believe that
um the gated content was what what
initiated this this super deal yeah so
that is uh that is yeah that has been
hard in the past for sure
i thought you were gonna that's interest
that's a good point though i thought
you're gonna go another way i thought
you're gonna say like an existing
customer downloaded a piece of content
they got marketed the out of and
then like complain until i don't want to
work with you guys anymore yeah maybe
that has also happened i'm not sure it
has i'm sure it has to some to some
companies for sure so yeah
how can
we how can a company make the transition
from a pure
lead gen mindset
to moving into more of a demand gen play
yeah yeah i think
to be really practical i think what we
have done
um which i find is maybe the most simple
way to start moving in that direction is
kind of to split your funnel up in a
couple of different uh ways
right and what i mean by that is to to
split it up by the actual intent you
will always have more low intent buyers
coming in but uh to split it up from for
us that believe split it up into a
funnel that you call high temp that are
as we said more
demos the contact request those goes
into one funnel we have
a free account where we have a freemium
product so that is one funnel the three
accounts then we have the more low
intent
funnel where more events webinars and so
on and so it's more
we stack it up into three different
funnels and the important thing here is
what i've usually seen in most companies
is that
most of your revenue
comes from the high intent bucket right
but most of your leads are coming in
in other buckets so such as your free
trials or freemiums or
your low intents and so we have some
sort of a disconnect there and that is
the argument i'm always trying to make
at companies is that we
if we focus down on these more high
intent buyers it will lead to more
revenue it's pretty clear here um
so i think that's
one of the easiest way you have to split
that out watch it for yourself at your
company and then show it to management
because i i think it paints a really
clear picture
yeah yep so breaking down the funnel
into
different different levels of intent
um
i know we touched on this a bit earlier
but
how can you
really tell a demand gen campaign is
working well is it just a case of you
need to give it a good test like every
six months or a year and then you'll
slowly see your revenue kind of creep up
and you'll start getting feedback from
prospects and customers or is there
other angles to it that we need to
consider
yeah yeah
i guess it depends on if it's a like
more of a capture campaign where we talk
about paid search organic search then we
can obviously view it more in terms of
the demand we're actually capturing the
customers we're bringing in the revenue
from there but if it's more of a demand
generation campaign where we are trying
to build awareness we are at least
looking a lot more at the certain
awareness metrics so we are looking at
okay how is our branded traffic
developing over time how is our direct
traffic developing over time
if we can see that that is increasing
yeah obviously more people know about
our brand and hopefully at least that
that's
what we see in our case we have a pretty
strong correlation with when people
when our brand increases
even if those are not all parameters you
can measure i think those are pretty
valid when our brand increases we can
also see that usually our revenue
increases a while after
um yeah so we are trying to find as you
said we need more you know short-term
metrics in a way to make sure that we
are
going in the right direction um and
obviously we we are also looking at you
know the mqls the sqls um i think those
are also getting unworthy bashed
sometimes as long as you are measuring
you know
and maybe defining them
correctly i think they are great
short-term metrics just to see that you
are getting in there
going in the correct
direction
yeah
um
we talked about
capturing demand
are there any other ways apart from on a
search
that you can
ensure that the demand you're creating
is going to good use i.e
should we put call to actions in some of
the content that we're putting out or
should we just make it as value-packed
as possible not even barely mention our
brand and just hope that that those uh
buyers when they're ready when they need
our help or when they need to make a
recommendation or referral with the
brand that we speak of are there any
other touch points or things that we
need to consider to actually make sure
that we do capture this business that
we've worked so hard to educate our
prospects on
i think you should never be afraid of
even if it's a you know
a top funnel blog post you should never
be afraid to talk about your products i
think that's still important because
they
they are your bread and butter but for
us i think review channels are really
big
you know um especially in our space g2
trustpilot
captera all of these kind of software
review sites i think
most buyers these days at least in the
say it tech sector are going to visit
these kind of pages
during some kind of um research phase
and if we aren't present there and if we
aren't if we don't have good reviews and
good
um
yeah good material there i don't think
we will ever be in the in the game so i
think those are apart from paid certain
organic search those are probably our
most important
um intense channels as well
um and it's very different per market
like t2 is huge in the us as an example
yeah
in europe we have a lot of different
ones you know trust pilot is very big in
say uk um yeah
we have certain so i think it's uh it's
a matter of finding what's relevant for
for your specific market um
and yeah
obviously making sure that you have
happy customers before that's really key
um but i think review sites are
since you can't really attribute it
directly to review sites usually um you
can't really see that it's happening but
if you as you said before if you ask
your customers a lot of people have seen
you on review sites for sure
yep yep makes sense it's something we've
not not touched about much on the site
but we we use review sites a lot and
like you said they're actually
for our businesses anyway they generate
a heck of a lot of inbound
because
even though these review sites make an
absolute fortune because they're not
purely organic they'll basically charge
you an arm and a leg to sponsor your
listing and then you'll collect your
client reviews and you'll pay them
several grand a month but in return
you'll get a good amount of traffic to
your site and you'll probably get a fair
few qualified leads off it um but it
helps with that branding building piece
as well um so yeah it's a nice nice ad
as we've not talked about and i think
that is all like i think at least for me
when i'm in a buyer's journey i feel
i feel such a trust for a brand when i
can read what someone else have to say
about them usually even more on linkedin
when someone is posting organically
about the company then i really
take it to my heart to be honest because
that's more on a review site you can
probably kind of make sure that your
best customers are reviewing you but on
linkedin and on other social organic
platforms
it's not really possible right
yeah
yeah fair point
if um
if a company
is perhaps tuning in
and they perhaps think
yeah i think i think it's about time we
took demand gen seriously
and we want to get stuck into it perhaps
now we've got some resources that we can
set aside and make some things happen
what are some initial considerations
adam that you'd advise and what are some
good starting points for a company that
wants to get cracking on with demand
yeah
um
yeah i i think initially um
i think this funnel breakdown to have
that as a baseline it's always good
um i think um
to start with just ungating everything
that is not relevant to gate i think is
a good start
and then i think
um just starting you're starting your
organic presence on linkedin and i'm not
talking about the company page i'm
talking about
more the personal branding from an
employee level um not something you
should push maybe from an employer
perspective but this is something that
should should happen naturally i feel
like
most companies that are very successful
these days in sas are companies that
have
people with extremely strong personal
brands especially in the us i would say
but also in europe um
we see a lot of companies where
you know
employees are actually
getting to spend the time on their work
just to talk about things that they are
passionate about not necessarily the
business so i think that's a good start
to allow your employees to start
building their personal brand a lot more
because that will also make your brand
more visible right um
and also hopefully more likable uh since
you usually your brand or your people so
i think that's a
that's a great way and something we do a
lot that at get accept as an example um
we have different you know ambassador
programs as an example where people
completely freely we don't force anyone
to to do anything but
can set aside time to
to promote themselves and talk what they
are interested interested in most um for
me example that is demand generation
we we aren't selling a solution for the
math generation obviously but that's
what i'm passionate about and i will
continue to to educate and talk about
that um
so i think that's uh and also that's an
easy way to get started with it's just
start to post one thing
every week that's a
that's that's the kind of um
thing i'm trying to do as long as i can
post something i feel is relevant and
valuable once a week it doesn't have to
be more as a start and that's fine
yep oh yeah there's no doubt linkedin's
a powerful platform and i i certainly
side with the fact that if you aren't
empowering your your team your staff to
get on there and because it's a win-win
right as long as they're not posting
nonsense and cat videos every day then
as long as they're actually posting
stuff that's half relevant to your
sector and if there is some personal
stuff in between then it's only going to
help you and it's going to help them as
well because like you said they can
build their personal brand their
reputation and likewise if they're
talking about something that's related
to what you do whether it's best
practices tips tricks etc it's a it's a
win-win for both
um
just to wrap things up are there any top
channels that you think
that people should be considering when
it comes to a effective demand gen
strategy
um
yeah i think there are i think all
channels really but no but i think the
most interesting channel i see for
i would say the most interesting medium
i see that we have seen bringing us the
best results in 2021 or video for sure
so
um and it doesn't have to be high uh
produced videos it can be recorded with
uh you know your cell phone and still
perform very well because i think people
yeah
people really like videos and i think
an interesting channel that we will look
into i know you're already doing it but
is youtube ads um because i feel one
time that i actually look
at a full ad that is usually at youtube
i spend a lot of time at youtube and i
see so many great
high to tech companies software
companies doing funny ads on on youtube
that is something we will for sure
experience try to
try to
do something with in 2022. um yeah
yeah i think that's uh that could be a
cool thing
yeah interesting interesting we've not
done a lot with it but um that's a
channel i think that's that's going to
get more exploration i know um chris
walker was talking about on his podcast
recently
um yeah so yeah i'll be i'll be
interested to see what happens with
youtube ads over the next
12 months likewise with linkedin video i
see that creeping more into the scene
with the with the paid ads and and that
kind of stuff so yeah nice one adam look
really enjoyed the conversation sir it's
been a it's been a good chat we've
covered some good angles when it comes
to demand jen and yeah
as well thank you for having me
no worries dude so with that please do
tell us more about how everyone can
learn from you connect with you and the
best way to get in touch
yeah you can always find me on linkedin
of course adam holmgren and then
i always suggest you to listening to my
podcast the demanding ratio movement
where we where we interview other
european leaders um
that are kind of at the forefront of
that for sure
good man and we'll put all of those
links over on the site at
businessgrowth.marketing
and with that i want to thank you once
again adam enjoy the chat
thank you
no worries and as always if you enjoyed
today's episode of business growth show
why not give us a quick subscribe on
youtube or give us a rating on apple or
spotify and with that we should catch
you on the next one cheers